[Music]
yeah some guy called over here a doctor
he's looking for a driver you're
interested I am NOT a medical doctor I'm
a musician
I'm about to embark on a concert to work
in the deep south
what other experience do you have public
relations do you foresee any issues in
working for a black man you and a deep
south three problems promise me you're
gonna write me or water the crumbs some
dental smile but I've never had fried
chicken of my life you people loved the
fried chicken you have a very narrow
assessment of me Tony yeah all right
good we would be interacting with some
of the wealthiest people in the country
it is my feeling that your addiction
could use some finessing why are you
breaking my balls because you can do
better mr. battle welcome the Lord I saw
dr. Shirley play the piano it's like a
genius I think come on take it easy I
prefer not to get grease on my blanket
good weasel my blankie
this gentleman says that I'm not
permitted to dine here I'm afraid not
how does he smile and shake their hands
like that because it takes courage to
change people's hearts what are you
doing
I'm uh de Leon dear Dolores
sometimes you remind me of a house you
know this is pathetic right but this
time the distance between us is breaking
my spirit falling in love with you was
the easiest thing I have ever done
PS kiss the kids that's like clinging a
cowbell at the end the shostakovich is 7
that's good it's perfect oh never win
with violence you only win will you
maintain your dignity
you don't know your own people you mr.
bigshot doing concert for rich people so
if I'm not black enough and if I'm not
white enough
show me whatever my
anyone could sound like Beethoven
your music will you do oh you can do
that
[Music]
what do we do about the bones we do this
pick it up Tony
squirrels wouldn't eat it anyway pick it
up
[Music]
you